Use frictionless framework v5 (#69)
frictionlessdata/ckanext-validation: README.md

## Versions supported and requirements

> This extension is currently tested in CKAN 2.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension is currently tested in CKAN 2.9 (Python 3).
```

### Data Validation

CKAN users will be familiar with the validation performed against the metadata
fields when creating or updating datasets. The form will return an error, for
instance, if a field is missing or it doesn't have the expected format.

Data validation follows the same principle, but against the actual data
published in CKAN, that is the contents of tabular files (Excel, CSV, etc)
hosted in CKAN itself or elsewhere. Whenever a resource of the appropriate
format is created or updated, the extension will validate the data against a
collection of checks. This validation is powered by

> [Goodtables](https://github.com/frictionlessdata/goodtables-py), a very
> powerful data validation library developed by [Open Knowledge International](https://okfn.org) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Frictionless Framework](https://github.com/frictionlessdata/frictionless-py), a very
powerful data validation library developed by the [Open Knowledge Foundation](https://okfn.org) 
```

as part of the [Frictionless Data](https://frictionlessdata.io) project.

> Goodtables provides an extensive suite of [checks](https://github.com/frictionlessdata/goodtables-py#checks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frictionless Framework provides an extensive suite of [checks](https://framework.frictionlessdata.io/docs/checks/baseline.html)
```
Please update if there's a better link. It would be better to link to the parent "Validation checks" header but I don't think that's possible

Author: Yes, it's not possible to link to the top "Validation checks", I think this is the best link for now.

that cover common issues with tabular data files.

These checks include structural problems like missing headers or values, blank
rows, etc., but also can validate the data contents themselves (see 

> [Data Schemas](#data-schemas)) or even run [custom checks](https://github.com/frictionlessdata/goodtables-py#custom-constraint).

Reviewer: Is this "custom checks" functionality available on v5? If not remove it from here.

| 5   | 'E'      | 2017-11-01 | missing     |                |
| 'a' | 'B'      | 21/03/2017 |             |                |

With the extension enabled and configured, schemas can be attached to the
`schema` field on resources via the UI form or the API. If present in a
resource, they will be used when performing validation on the resource file.

### Validation Options

As we saw before, the validation process involves many different checks and
it's very likely that what "valid" data actually means will vary across CKAN
instances or datasets. The validation process can be tweaked by passing any of
the [supported

> options](https://github.com/frictionlessdata/goodtables-py#validatesource-options)

Reviewer: Update link, or document what's possible

Author: For now I think the best page is https://framework.frictionlessdata.io/docs/guides/validating-data.html

```json
{
    "skip_errors": ["blank-row"]
    "dialect":  {
      "header": True,
      "headerRows": [2],
      "commentChar": "#",
      "csv": {
        "delimiter": ";"
      }
    },

>     "checks: [

Reviewer 2: Missing closing quote.

```json
{
    "skip_errors": ["blank-row"]
    "dialect":  {
      "header": True,
      "headerRows": [2],
      "commentChar": "#",
      "csv": {
        "delimiter": ";"
      }
    }

> }

Reviewer: Can you update the example to show some `checks` as well?

Author: Just did it!

### Starting the validation process manually

You can start (asynchronous) validation jobs from the command line using the

> `paster validation run` command. If no parameters are provided it will start a

Reviewer: Looks like we forgot to migrate this command and the `report `and `report-full` ones to Click :scream: 
We can do it in a separate PR
